Updates wording around 2.12 and restructures publishing portion of migration guide (#3539)
dart-lang/site-www: src/null-safety/migration-guide.md

> We encourage you to publish packages as prereleases
> as soon as you migrate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to publish packages —
possibly as prereleases —
as soon as you migrate.
```

* [Set the package version to indicate a breaking change.](#package-version)

> * [Publish the package as a prerelease if development is still in progress.][]

Reviewer: We should put the "if" part first (https://developers.google.com/style/clause-order). Also... maybe feature publishing first, and prereleases next?

```suggestion
* [Publish the package][publish].
  If you don't consider the migrated package to be final quality, then
  [publish it as a prerelease][publish-prerelease].
```

Of course you'd need to add/adjust the link definitions accordingly.

* [Publish the package as a prerelease if development is still in progress.][]

> ### SDK constraints

Author: This section was confusing and I'm not sure it's necessary now that 2.12 is out of beta.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should still say to set the SDK constraint to the lowest tested SDK version, though?
